add changeset for shortId optimization change (#21944)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/many-steaks-mix.md

---
"fluid-framework": minor
"@fluidframework/tree": minor
---

> Improved performance for accessing identifiers
> 
> Identifier field keys are now cached in the schema for faster access to identifiers when calling the Tree.shortId api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tree: Improved performance for accessing identifiers in shortId API

Users should see improved performance when calling the `Tree.shortId` API. Identifier field keys are now cached in the schema for faster access.
```

Author: Updated with suggested change
